ui/icons/actions/svg/wheel.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/audio-volume.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/silviu-runceanu from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/idea.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/terrain.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/triangle.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/open-folder-with-document.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/hollow-cube.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/cylinder.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/reichstag-dome.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/rhombus.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/vaadin from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/planet-sphere.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/nice-and-serious from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/circle.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/grid.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/vaadin from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/cube-divisions.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/because-mathematical-symbol.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/plus.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/icomoon from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/basic-square.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/horse-in-running-motion-silhouette.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/road-perspective.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/map-location.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/placeholder.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/madebyoliver from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/graphene.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/database.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/designmodo from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/bar-chart.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/play-button.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/appzgear from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/stop.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/icomoon from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/pause.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/icomoon from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/pencil-edit-button.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/dot-and-circle.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/dave-gandy from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/warning.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/refresh-button.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/eye-view-interface-symbol.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/sports-car.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/transformation-of-geometric-shapes-from-cube-to-cone-outlines.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/sunny-day.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/amit-jakhu from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/brickwall-.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/cloudy-day-outlined-weather-interface-symbol.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/rami-mcmin from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/bones.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/settings.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/gregor-cresnar from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/line-segment.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/appzgear from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/resize.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/save-disk.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/picol from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/eliptical-arrows.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/soccer-ball.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/replay.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/vignesh-oviyan from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/light-bulb.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/gregor-cresnar from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/table.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/those-icons from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/clipboard-paste-option.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/family-tree.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/appzgear from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/add-new-file.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/zurb from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/move-arrows.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/layers.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/creaticca-creative-agency from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/invisible.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/cut-content-button.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/google from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/copy-file.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/anton-saputro from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/bone.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/roundicons from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/extract-image.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/daniel-bruce from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/cone-geometrical-shape.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/capsule-black-and-white-variant.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/movie-symbol-of-video-camera.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/catalin-fertu from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/film-roll.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/doll.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/user-silhouette.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/black-hole.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/molecule.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/molecule_2.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/enhance-effect.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com
ui/icons/actions/svg/atom-symbol.svg icon made by http://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik from www.flaticon.com